# au-asi-interfaces
DOI: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3723326

This repository contains all the necessary data to recreate our work in the manuscript titled "Vacancy and interstitial interactions with crystal/amorphous, metal/covalent interfaces" - Sanket S. Navale, Michael J. Demkowicz

Interface Structure Files: 
These are fully relaxed Au/a-Si (crystalline gold/amorphous silicon) interface atomic structure files generated by using LAMMPS. 
They are named based on the gold facet at the interface and the quench rate used to produce the amorphous silicon.

Au facets are: (100), (111), (112)
a-Si quench rates are: L(Lowest):7*10^10 K/s, I(Intermediate):5*10^11 K/s, H(Highest):3.5*10^12 K/s

Files:
1) auasi-int-L111.cfg
2) auasi-int-L112.cfg
3) auasi-int-I111.cfg
4) auasi-int-I112.cfg
5) auasi-int-H111.cfg
6) auasi-int-H112.cfg

Defect energy calculation files:
These are the input files to LAMMPS to compute the point defect formation energies in the manuscript.
We provide these files used for computing defect energies in the L111 interface model.

Files:
1) in.evf.gold          - input file to compute vacancy formation energy of Au (gold) atoms. 
2) in.evf.silicon       - input file to compute vacancy formation energy of Si (silicon) atoms.
3) in.AuinterstitialFE  - input file to compute interstitial formation energy of Au (gold) atoms.
4) in.SiinterstitialFE  - input file to compute interstitial formation energy of Si (silicon) atoms.

For any questions, please contact Sanket.
